[Music] The
energy thing, but energy is the
next excerpt, but it's not
only that it's the next deal,
but the context of the energy thing
we have given it on the main channel that I
'm waiting for the army to send it to me
to upload the newscast, okay, success, they
are editing the newscast that is already rendering it to me, they
were giving it to me
so right now there is a newscast, it is
in the video on the main channel, which
by the way, yesterday I was crying for the
main channel and today it is a video on the
main one, it is seeing like a shot, the video
finished uploading 3 hours ago, I have
gained 300 subscribers, the video has
330 thousand real views, it has 6,500, okay,
in 20 minutes it will finish uploading to the
drive, the newscast, okay, so we are going to have
time to see this excerpt, it is that I would
like them to be on the newscast for
the next excerpt, okay, well,
family, really, what fools of the number
just, what a fool, up you know what's going to
happen in the end that now you're going to cry
for what
time does the name
Veronica feel, congratulations on those three months,
well, we have been seeing here for a
while, well  about the
previous excerpt that if you're watching this
summarizes it on youtube go watch the
previous excerpt because we've been watching the
explosion and Jackie's fight with Fo
Lagos screaming
are you a [ __ ] [ __ ] or is he a [ __ ]
normal base in fact here I'm not talking to put
because he's a [ __ ] [ __ ]
bastard
and he treated her like [ __ ]
okay then I was
going there apparently he gave his opinion
but I think it's not I don't
know if on the subject itself we're not going to
see it
and go talk about her
because she's
quite good
how disgusting this group I swear in
the folk group a gori day here I've
noticed that it really affects me it
really affects me the folk group a
gori here is
the folk group now and here it's not how
can it be d'art says a bit what's happening is
what he does science watch out be careful with that
he already said it that
the obsession with statistics
causes addiction like gambling addiction
I'm a gambling addict
okay
now I'll call you when I'm
done I'll call you directly and we'll talk
seriously don't worry listen to me
familiar the Jackie group desolate
is not like him what
there were others that are more than that I do
n't go you
as I saw you
well what was the group of this network and
the last ones that entered no yes more or
less a little it would be your measurements here
with folk love
the group would say that did work it comes
from goal to one
n goal to one that was the group
to the group of balls 1 everyone has not respected it
basically in a very xv group
that would keep them for no reason because ruth
is like that
requires kiko rivera in a group if that
was the group that I was referring to that
was like very good these are the ones that do
not have a group and have been left here
in groups no that is the group of being the
group it
is a very xd group from my point of
view but of course work with jiang and it
is also a little x of this it must be
said
but that of kiko and that of kiko and that of
kiko tense and retains
it lacks win michu in the
buenos aires group because that takes away duty and it is
not lacking that he made the jump from fran
and since he is with and valero kiko is with with
tense with ricky  like the last ones have
put
or it has been noticed that they are people who in
real life really make me angry
in real life be careful with
twitter
if I'm honest with you they really make me angry
and I want to treat it with a
professional sit down and say 'and
psychologist when whoever screams and
kills me disgusts me is normal is there medication is there
a therapy can I do a test
because I feel like I can't control
my emotions I don't understand it or rather it's a
group that
I would really like to bite a pillow to get
rid of my anger it doesn't happen to me with anyone else I do
n't understand it it must be something I have
when yesterday he came screaming to
thin out Marbella son of Borja and
killed them all
but
in that moment I had to gather all my
chakras I had to think about everyone
but but it's okay
futures
to see if that says that they have to
surround also like the envelope to surround
Marbella they are
supposed to surround also
no
how I held back gave that how well I
did there files I am very proud to
warn or rather hold back controlling
my emotions well the streaming I felt like
[ __ ] on many mothers yesterday  and I stayed a
little yesterday I felt like having a diarrhea
of ​​[ __ ] mothers and I held it together and
very well the chagras ayers really I am
very polite all good
[Music]
nothing happens what
javi thanks to subscribe I don't know
why they don't read out loud
develop that's what
happens to us that two of you are going with the
dolls from the flea market or alone with me
hungry millán or
these dolls from ras this one don't give
enough and from emiliano
a little habanera there is here color of
metal amy and now this smn is worth it x
must d e
[ __ ] up
better than here
if you're watching this I can't play I don't
want to play against you have any
video games you are the typical cousin who
came to my house and pissed me off
in my house I don't want this figure the
typical cousin the typical cousin who came
here had to put up with it you didn't feel like having
visitors in your house you
felt like it he's in your room with your
things only your [ __ ] cousin comes
the first one you don't like
carmen paz go away and stop taking things
from me  novel I want
my family I want to see you alone I feel
with you
I'm sure you have a cousin who is just as much
of an [ __ ] as you say because with this
[ __ ] get out of my house go I want to
play with you leave me alone
his cousin rumbles already here get out of my house
totally god
totally let's
see feel that it is understood that it is a
joke it is understood that it is a joke I already
think that he is partly being sincere
only that since he is lukewarm he tries to
do it as a joke good theory nelson and
vice if you are here send a message
and worthy I was serious javi but don't say
anything
if you are here he is going to go send a
message and say it was not
serious javi but it was not serious xavi but say it
between jokes the truth soma
exactly look look look yes yes yes yes it is
a little like that
I see it a little like that there look for a click
of percy he is saying that ibai that he is
sad for not being the tien of auro
[ __ ] he is precise so much he is going to fast persie
is also helping in others extends
other page and so nothing happens
overcome what seems like a
jilted girlfriend now still  Crying
like me that they don't call you, that they haven't
invited you, that they told us to talk,
leave a name
but don't cry so much, damn it, it's
already over,
the hanger is very sentimental
[Music]